Add ECEMP video (#28)
iiasa/ece-teaching: tutorials/pyam.rst

.. _`IAMC Youtube channel` : https://www.youtube.com/c/IAMCIntegratedAssessmentModelingConsortium

European Climate and Energy Modelling Platform 2022 (October 6, 2022)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This session from the `European Climate and Energy Modelling Platform 2022`_ covered how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This “Skills Workshop” at the `European Climate and Energy Modelling Platform 2022`_ conference (ECEMP) covered how
```
